
Pramod Working the Features like:

FEATURE : Changes To Be done with the Company of the Us Pathway methods for Better leads generation and making them successful.
	
	  Suggesting the students to improving the skills and reaching the pathways that were useful.
		
	  Recommending different Marketing strategies and Different collaborations.





17th July Received dataset from the LPU Manager

1) Study of the dataset columns and the connections that are between the datasheets and Raised different confused doubts

estimating the columns and making different plans to solve the issues.

19 July 2024

2) Had Meeting with Futurense Business Analysts and got clarified the process of working of the datasheets 

20 July 2024

3) Created an action plan and integrated it with team work plan and submitted 

4) Connected with the team and clarified the working doubts.

5) Started the data cleaning of the datasheet
	
   Describing the data									
												                                  
   Checking the null values using isnull.

   Creating different tables of missing and distribution of values like mean, median etc

21 July 2024

   Checking whether any negative experiences through the  datasheets columns.

   Encoding the categorical variables into numerical variables for analysis.
   
   Checking the outliers range with different methods.
 
   Checking the skewness of the columns, how different they were with normal range

   Tried Normalising the outliers with front and backward fill
	
   checking the outliers with - 
     	winsorizing
	z-score
	IQR method
	Isolation Forest
	Local Outlier Factor
	log transformation
	sqrt transformation

	Density based noise checking

At last Winsorizing method will be applicable for reducing effect of the outliers in the distribution of the data

22 July 2024

Submitted Individual action plan.

Checking the distribution of the data with density plot, boxplot , bargraph , Heat Map.

After analysis checking why the most circulated camapign was not having enough money spent?

23  and 24 july 2024

Why the most money spent campaign hasn't generated the most click through rate and leads? etc..

Using different Ml models like anova and encoding the typical values.

Using BackTracking method with application candiadate tracker and making the analysis using lead Id and removing lead_id

Feature engineering has to be completed and after that eda plotting will be going on.


    